The final result has not yet been announced
How dare you be so shameless
Let me tell you the truth
The result of this bidding conference has been predetermined.
It's me.
Luo Zhiqiang, manager of Yuncheng Branch of Tenglong Group
It's my fiancé
Stop talking about you
It is the top rich man in the entire Yuncheng
It's just an escort for my family
I declare
This Tenglong Group project bidding conference
The final successful bid was
You didn't see that Linlin's words were all said for this sake
Everyone is the strongest bidder
It is still her husband who is hosting the bidding now
Who can beat her?
But her so-called husband
Not the boss of Tenglong Group
This Tenglong Group project bidding conference
The final successful bid was
Hello Mr. Zhang
The subordinates are bidding for the site of the conference
The final bid will be announced soon
I don't know what knowledge you have.
Ahaha Mr. Zhang
This meteor snow is
Ah!
Where is this meteor snow?
Can actually shake the instructions above
Liu Group, what kind of garbage is this?
The details of a cloud mountain flow are also matched
My project of Tenglong Group
Husband, please announce it quickly.
Yes, Mr. Luo
Whose company did this competition cost?
Tell me about it.
When you see Wanli, you directly call the husband opposite.
It seems that this indicator
It must have been digested by Luo Zong and Wanjia
Internal digestion is normal
Wanjia was originally the strongest competitor
Yu Gong Yu
This project has to be done for 10,000 families
That's not necessarily true.
Maybe someone will rise up